util: introduce new helper to generate Lua translation table (#8578)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-8577-strip-prefix-pagination-iproto-keys.md

## bugfix/lua

> * Strip unwanted prefix `IPROTO_` from keys `POSITION`, `AFTER_POSITION`
>   and `AFTER_TUPLE` exported to `box.iproto.key` (gh-8577).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Stripped the unwanted `IPROTO_` prefix from the `POSITION`, `AFTER_POSITION`,
  and `AFTER_TUPLE` keys exported to `box.iproto.key` (gh-8577).
```

Author: fixed
